README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Saksham Pilane</h1>
<h3 align="center">Java Backend Developer | Python Backend | Final-year CSE Student @ VU, Pune</h3>

---

<div align="center">
  <img height="220" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" alt="Coding GIF" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=SakshamPilane.SakshamPilane" />
</div>

---

# 💫 About Me  
- 🎯 Focused on **Backend Development using Java & Spring Boot**  
- 🐍 Also build backend services in **Python (FastAPI / Flask)**  
- 📚 Learning **SQL, APIs, and Data Structures**  
- 🔭 Growing my GitHub with real backend projects  
- 🌱 Documenting my tech journey on **LinkedIn, X, and YouTube**  
- 🚀 Aspiring **Software Engineer / Backend Developer**

---

# 🛠 Languages & Tools  
**Backend:** Java, Spring Boot, Python (Backend)  
**Database:** MySQL, SQL  
**Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman  
**Other:** C, C++

---

# 🚀 Tech Stack  

### 💻 Programming Languages  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-283593?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend & Frameworks  
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)

### 🛢 Databases  
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🧪 API & Testing Tools  
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-F16635?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

### 🛠 Other Tools  
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05033?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/saksham-pilane-904840383)  
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/SakshamPilane)  
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@SakshamPilane)  
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:sakshampilane.04@gmail.com)  

---

# 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" height="200"/>
  <img src="https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false" height="200"/>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false&layout=compact" height="200"/>
</div>

---

# 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=SakshamPilane&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4"/>
</div>

---

# ✍️ Random Dev Quote
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical"/>
</div>

---

# 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SakshamPilane&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true"/>
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=SakshamPilane&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly built using GPRM -->
</div>

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README.md
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Saksham Pilane</h1>
<h3 align="center">Java Backend Developer | Python Backend | Final-year CSE Student @ VU, Pune</h3>

---

<div align="center">
  <img height="220" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" alt="Coding GIF" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=SakshamPilane.SakshamPilane" />
</div>

---

# 💫 About Me  
👋 Hi, I’m Saksham — a backend developer who enjoys turning ideas into reliable and scalable systems.  
I’m currently in my final year of CSE at VU Pune, building real backend projects and sharpening my engineering mindset every single day.

💻 I work mainly with **Java + Spring Boot**, and also develop backend services with **Python (FastAPI / Flask)**.  
I love designing clean APIs, structuring databases, and writing code that is simple, efficient, and easy to maintain.

🔍 I’m currently deepening my skills in:  
- System Design & scalability  
- Clean architecture for backend projects  
- SQL, data modeling, and API performance  

🚀 My goal is to become a strong **Backend Engineer** capable of building systems that are both technically solid and genuinely useful.

🌱 I also share my learning journey online — not just to document it, but to help others grow with me.

If you’re into backend engineering, tech conversations, or collaboration, I’d love to connect!

---

# 🛠 Languages & Tools  
**Backend:** Java, Spring Boot, Python (Backend)  
**Database:** MySQL, SQL  
**Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman  
**Other:** C, C++

---

# 🚀 Tech Stack  

### 💻 Programming Languages  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-283593?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend & Frameworks  
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)

### 🛢 Databases  
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🧪 API & Testing Tools  
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-F16635?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

### 🛠 Other Tools  
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05033?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/saksham-pilane-904840383)  
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/SakshamPilane)  
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@SakshamPilane)  
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:sakshampilane.04@gmail.com)  

---

# 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" height="200"/>
  <img src="https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false" height="200"/>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SakshamPilane&theme=dark&hide_border=false&layout=compact" height="200"/>
</div>

---

# 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=SakshamPilane&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4"/>
</div>

---

# ✍️ Random Dev Quote
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical"/>
</div>

---

# 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SakshamPilane&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true"/>
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=SakshamPilane&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly built using GPRM -->
</div>
